[SWOOSH]
[PEACEFUL MUSIC]
>> Step forward with me.
We're going into
a different space.
We're going to put one
foot in front of the other,
moving through life onto
the edge of the unknown.
Your whole experience
sits behind you,
a mountain of knowledge.
Your strength, your
achievements, and all
your learning.
And in front of you lies what?
Maybe you think you know.
But in truth, do we
ever really know?
So let's be here for a while
on the edge of the unknown,
in the space between
the past and the future,
fully present, fully
alive in this moment.
Free of all your knowledge,
and yet strengthened by it.
Unconstrained by all
your plans, and yet
facing forward into the unknown.
Step by step, walking into your
life as life moves through you.
This is the wild place, the
place where you're raw, open.
This is the place of
playful creativity.
It's the place of
delight and surprise.
This is the place
of your innocence,
where you find
yourself revealed,
of who you really are.
We are on the edge
of the unknown.
We are in the pure
wilderness of our inner life.
We are alive.
So let's put one foot
in front of the other
as we walk forward on
the edge of the unknown.
[PEACEFUL MUSIC]